Okay, así que lo que vas a hacer es que
vas a transcribir tres de esas frases a
la comunidad, ¿ok?
Estas son las cinco opciones que tienes.
Uno.
Several governments have used various
means to control the flow of information.
Second.
The prohibition of social media would
likely lead to unintended consequences.
Third.
People found alternative methods to
communicate and share information.
Fourth.
It is vital that governments find a way
to adapt to the digital age.
The future of social media regulation
should involve a combination of strategies.
Okay, excelente.
Así que transcribelas en la comunidad.
Simplemente es mirar la pantalla e irlas
transcribiendo en la comunidad.